This project is a simple verification of android developer skills. It is a very simple app that
fetches data from json files and displays it. Let's say the json files are representing some remote
data source. As you can see, the code is a mess and it is full of anti-patterns.

What you need to do:

1. Implement one of the clean code architectural patterns: MVP, MVVM or MVI. Separate view, model and
logic into proper types of classes. You can do it all in a separate activity if you want. Get rid of
the copy-pasted functions and replace them with some single util function.

2. Replace existing LinearLayout for list presentation with properly implemented RecyclerView. The
items should present the image, name, age and description of every cat. Use ConstraintLayout views
or Jetpack Compose if you want.

3. Currently, there are only 3 items shown - you need to show every item fetched from the json files.

4. The images in the list are cropped and it looks bad - fix it in any way you want. You may replace
the Fresco library with something else if you want. Perfect aspect ratio is not needed, but it would be nice.

5. You can see that there are 3 different sources of data and they are "merged" in a very wrong way.
Every object in one file has a corresponding object in the other files - "id" field connects them.
Use rxjava zip function (or something else if you want) to fetch and merge all the data into CatModel class.
One of the source files has some data missing - protect your list from any crashes caused by this.
DO NOT MODIFY THE JSON FILES TO MERGE THE DATA!
DO NOT REMOVE RX BASED FUNCTIONS FOR FETCHING THE DATA! - think of it as fetching the data from server

6. Write some helpful unit tests for your presenter/view model (2 or 3 will be ok).

Optional/nice to have features:
- some nice (but basic) design for list items
- basic dependency injection
- basic error handling

Provide the solution in a zip file or public github/bitbucket repository (with public access).
Remember:
- the code should compile and the app should not crash on start
- indent the code
- remove unused functions, commentary and imports

Good luck!